Update securing-your-github-pages-site-with-https.md (#26373)
github/docs: content/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/securing-your-github-pages-site-with-https.md

When you set or change your custom domain in the Pages settings, an automatic DNS check begins. This check determines if your DNS settings are configured to allow {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} to obtain a certificate automatically. If the check is successful, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} queues a job to request a TLS certificate from [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/). On receiving a valid certificate, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} automatically uploads it to the servers that handle TLS termination for Pages. When this process completes successfully, a check mark is displayed beside your custom domain name.

> Please note that your GitHub Pages site must be publicly available for a Let's Encrypt certificate to be issued. Once the certificate has been issued you may revert the site to private. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that your {% data variables.product.prodname_pages %} site must be publicly available for a Let's Encrypt certificate to be issued. Once the certificate has been issued you may revert the site to private. 
```
